h4. Consumers Seeking Value, 63 Percent of Consumers Searching for Online Coupons or Deals When Shopping Online (Ipsos Public Affairs Nationwide Phone Survey)

 * Only 21 percent of Online Shoppers Regularly Search for a Coupon or Deal When Making an Online Purchase
 * 68 Percent of Consumers Report Planning to Spend The Same or More Than Last Year on Holiday Shopping
 * 37 Percent of Respondents Plan to Shop on Black Friday this year, 18 Percent Plan to Shop on Cyber Monday

*Austin, Texas, Nov. 11, 2010 -* The results of a nationwide phone survey conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs and commissioned by "Offers.com":http://www.offers.com/ shows that while 63 percent of online shoppers search for online coupons or deals at least some of the time before making an online purchase, only 21 percent report doing so most or all of the time.

"We are excited to see 63 percent of online shoppers look for coupons or deals when they shop online. But while these results are promising, only 21 percent of consumers regularly do so," said Steve Schaffer, founder and CEO of Offers.com. "Our goal with Offers.com is to help the 79 percent of online shoppers that don't regularly look for a coupon or deals site before they purchase something online. We help consumers find the right offer for their needs by making sure all the offers on our site are categorized, valid, and reliable."

The "nationwide phone survey":/press/fall-study-2010/ conducted by Ipsos Public Affairs in October 2010 polled consumers who shop online at least a few times a year. Among the findings:

 * 63 percent of consumers look for online coupons or deals when making an online purchase (nine percent report "always," 12 percent report "most of the time," and 42 percent occasionally.")
 * In contrast, 37 percent "never" search for online coupons or deals when shopping online.
 * Frequent online shoppers (those who make online purchases at least weekly) are more likely than those who make online purchases less frequently to search for online coupons and deals regularly (30 percent vs. 19 percent).
 * Shoppers from higher income households (over $75,000 income) are slightly more likely to regularly search for coupons or deals (23 percent vs. 21percent).

"While some research about online coupon use has been released, this survey takes a deeper look at how many consumers are taking advantage of savings opportunities when shopping online," said Julio Franco, senior research manager for Ipsos Public Affairs. "The results show that many consumers are looking for coupons or deals at least some of the time, and those who make online purchases more frequently, and are arguably more experienced online shoppers are looking for deals and coupons more often than the rest."

h4. Holiday Shopping

The phone survey also asked consumers about plans to shop for the holiday season this year:

 * While the majority of consumers (58 percent) report planning to spend about the same as last year, 10 percent report planning to spend more (eight percent "somewhat more" and two percent "significantly more.")
 * Online shoppers who do search for online coupons and deals regularly are more likely to say they plan to spend more this holiday season than those who search for coupons or deals only sporadically.
 * 37 percent of respondents are planning to shop on Black Friday this year and 18 percent are planning to shop on Cyber Monday.
 * Of those who are planning to shop on Black Friday, half of them (49 percent) plan to do at least part of their shopping online.
 * Of those planning to shop on Cyber Monday, more than half (57 percent) are planning to visit a coupon or deal Web site.

 "We created the "Offers.com Holiday Savings Center":http://www.offers.com/holiday/ to feature "Black Friday":http://www.offers.com/black-friday/ and "Cyber Monday":http://www.offers.com/cyber-monday/ sales and deals to help consumers find the right offer for their needs," said Schaffer. We saved consumers millions - an average of $27 per transaction - last holiday season and we are doing our best to get the message out to check Offers.com before buying anything online so we will help consumers save even more this year."

Using a savings site like Offers.com can help consumers find the best offers when shopping online. The "best offers":http://www.offers.com/offers/coupons/, "coupon codes":http://www.offers.com/offers/coupons/, and "online deals":http://www.offers.com/offers/deals/ are available in one site - saving consumers time searching various sites for the offer that is right for them. The site is easy to search making it easy for consumers to find the best store or offer for their needs. Offers.com is reliable; offers are verified and checked by editors so consumers can be sure they are current and valid. The site is content rich with side-by-side comparisons, reviews and savings tips from shopping and money-saving experts.

h4. About Ipsos

Ipsos is a leading global survey-based market research company, owned and managed by research professionals that helps interpret, simulate, and anticipate the needs and responses of consumers, customers, and citizens around the world. Member companies assess market potential and interpret market trends to develop and test emergent or existing products or services, and build brands. They also test advertising and study audience responses to various media, and measure public opinion around the globe. They help clients create long-term relationships with their customers, stakeholders or other constituencies. Ipsos member companies offer expertise in advertising, customer loyalty, marketing, media, and public affairs research, as well as forecasting, modeling, and consulting and offers a full line of custom, syndicated, omnibus, panel, and online research products and services, guided by industry experts and bolstered by advanced analytics and methodologies. The company was founded in 1975 and has been publicly traded since 1999. In 2009, Ipsos generated global revenues of €943.7 million ($1.33 billion U.S.). Visit "www.ipsos.com":http://www.ipsos.com/ to learn more about Ipsos offerings and capabilities.

h4. About Offers.com

Offers.com saves consumers time and money by helping them find the best offers from more than 3,000 online stores and companies. Offers.com has grown since initially launching in Feb. 2009 to over 200 categories including travel, software, computers, clothing, shoes, and more. The site has more than 15,000 of the best offers including promotions, coupons and coupon codes, deals, free trials, and free offers. Offers are verified, rated and updated daily by the Offers.com editorial team. With the My Offers Locker(tm), users can watch categories and stores, and receive updates via email or on Facebook when offers are added or changed.

Since launch, Offers.com has been recognized with some of the leading industry awards including the 2010 Commission Junction's Publisher of the Year Award, the 2009 Commission Junction's People's Choice award and the 2009 LinkShare's Innovative Publisher award. Offers.com is a Charter Corporate Member of the Performance Marketing Association (PMA), and CEO Steve Schaffer served as the first president of the PMA board of directors. The company has been profitable since launch and recently announced a minority equity investment from Susquehanna Growth Equity, LLLP to fuel faster growth. The company is based in Austin, Texas.

h4. Media Contacts:

Offers.com: Kendall Slagle, 512-342-8378 x346, "press@offers.com":mailto:press@offers.com
Ipsos Public Affairs: Julio Franco, 646-313-6117, "Julio.Franco@Ipsos.com":mailto:Julio.Franco@Ipsos.com

Holiday Savings Center: "http://www.offers.com/holiday/":http://www.offers.com/holiday/
Black Friday 2010: "http://www.offers.com/black-friday/":http://www.offers.com/black-friday/
Cyber Monday 2010: "http://www.offers.com/cyber-monday/":http://www.offers.com/cyber-monday/